Document solution for .hs unneeded rebuilds (#932)
digital-asset/daml: BAZEL.md

If you find yourself writing similar rules, please take a moment to write some Starlark to abstract
it out and document it here. Note that proto3-suite isn't compatible with protoc, so it is not currently
possible to hook it up into the "proto_library" tooling.

## Known issues

### Unchanged Haskell library being rebuilt

> Unfortunately, [GHC builds are not deterministic](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/issues/12262). This, coupled with the way Bazel works, may lead to Haskell libraries that have not being changed to be rebuilt. If the library sits at the base of build, it may cause a ripple effect that forces you to rebuild most of the workspace without an actual need for it (`ghc-lib` is one example of this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, [GHC builds are not deterministic](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/issues/12262). This, coupled with the way Bazel works, may lead to Haskell libraries that have not been changed to be rebuilt. If the library sits at the base of the dependency graph, it may cause a ripple effect that forces you to rebuild most of the workspace without an actual need for it (`ghc-lib` is one example of this).
```

Author: Thanks, included it in the PR. :slightly_smiling_face:
